15/09/2021: Today I started this project. First setting a basic logic and trying to understand how I wanted things to work. I think I'm getting most of how the modular pattern works and it's indeed a very organized way of coding, still more to learn, but I liked it. Right now everything aside from the Game methods is in a non-accesible scope, so the adding function to the Gameboard array, as well as the player definition and display behaviour is controlled just by the game, making things more secure and avoiding the need to check for some conditions (Like the one I first set for the add movement to the gameboard array). I may get a special liking to this, but as I said, there's still even more to learn.

16/09/2021: I changed the logic a bit now creating an array of objects to represent each box in the DOM, and relate it to a position in the array, through the row and column attributes. The render method also changed to mate this behaviour. This was intented to make it easier to add event listeners to each one of the elements, which indeed also required a property that points to the DOM element. At this point, whenever the div boxes were clicked it will mark it based on the players turn (which is handled by a counter). To remove the event listeners, I haven't find a way yet.

17/09/2021: After a long process of thinking, I came across with a solution to remove the event listeners. As the .bind() method creates a new reference to the function, I needed to store it somewhere but also made it only available and related to the element. How? Well, lets store it as a new property in the box object, bind the box object itself to the event listener, and then call its property when I wanted to remove it. And guess what? It worked just fine.

After that, I worked in the method that would check if there's a condition for one winner to come out or end in a tie. I decided that it would be the Gameboard module that handles this, as it's the one with best access to the gameboard array. It just checks the conditions, but doesn't interact with the game, just returns an array with the state of "Did I find a winner?" and "Who?" as values. To affect the game with that result, I'm currently thinking were should I put this function/method first.

20/09/2021: Today I added the functionality to the page. I decided to create a function inside the Game object that evaluated the results from the checkboard method. This function is gonna be called inside the event listener for each mark, after the players play() method, thus I can pass as a parameter the player object and could access their properties. Now I'm working in the front page on branch development, to handle player definition and the start of the Game.  

23/09/2021: I wanted to try something new, so I learned a bit of CSS 3D transform with this tutorial: https://3dtransforms.desandro.com/ and made this 3D animation for the Menu, so it looks more like a Game in the intro. It was worth.

24/09/2021: Not too much progress this day. Just added a basic form for the players name statement and selection of the icon. I do have bug though (The radio group doesn't seem to work properly, as one selection stays still).

27/09/2021: Fixed the radio button groups and changed functionality for now displaying the icon instead of raw text. I also added some restart and finish buttons but it seems to be the functionality of the game broke, so I'll have to work on that.